Refactoring the Contribution Docs (#130)
moja-global/About_moja_global: Contributing/How-to-Provide-Strategic-Advice.md

## Suggestions for the Strategic Plan:

moja global is increasingly looking for new scientists, developers and researchers to join us and help improve our processes. To provide suggestions for our Strategic Plan, please follow the below-mentioned steps:

1.  Open a [new issue](https://github.com/moja-global/.github/issues/new). If the link does not work: 
    -   Navigate to the landing page of the [About-moja-global](https://github.com/moja-global/About_moja_global) repository. 
    -   Click **Issues**. 
    -   Click **New Issue**. 
    -   At the bottom of the page, click **Open a Regular Issue**.
2.  Start your title with the word **Strategy:** Use a clear and descriptive title.
3.  Select **Strategy** from the labels drop-down menu.

> 4.  Propose your strategic target in the body of the Issue. Provide as much detail as possible which includes effective implementation approaches, potential in-kind or financial support, examples. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  Propose your strategic target in the body of the Issue. Then follow the template to provide as much details as possible which includes effective implementation approaches, potential in-kind or financial support, examples. 
```
